DISTMONGO-238 Release notes 4.4.23 (#176)
percona/distmongo-docs: docs/release-notes-v4.4.23.md

Percona Distribution for MongoDB is a freely available MongoDB database alternative, giving you a single solution that combines enterprise components from the open source community, designed and tested to work together. The aim of Percona Distribution for MongoDB is to enable you to run and operate your
MongoDB efficiently with the data being consistently backed up.

Percona Distribution for MongoDB includes the following components:

* *Percona Server for MongoDB* is a fully compatible source-available, drop-in replacement
for MongoDB.

* *Percona Backup for MongoDB* is a distributed, low-impact solution for achieving
consistent backups of MongoDB sharded clusters and replica sets.

This release of Percona Distribution for MongoDB is based on [Percona Server for MongoDB 4.4.23-22](https://docs.percona.com/percona-server-for-mongodb/4.4/release_notes/4.4.23-22.html) and [Percona Backup for MongoDB 2.2.1](https://docs.percona.com/percona-backup-mongodb/release-notes/2.2.1.html).

## Release Highlights

The bug fixes and improvements provided by MongoDB and included in Percona Server for MongoDB are the following:

> * The ability to [configure AWS STS endpoint](https://docs.percona.com/percona-backup-mongodb/4.4/aws-iam-setup.html#configure-aws-sts-endpoint) improves authentication and connectivity with AWS services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ability to [configure AWS STS endpoint](https://docs.percona.com/percona-server-for-mongodb/4.4/aws-iam-setup.html#configure-aws-sts-endpoint) improves authentication and connectivity with AWS services.
```
